So you started driving targeted traffic to your site.
Some people are buying hopefully some people putting stuff in the cart.
Some people aren't doing anything at all.
Now it will be kind of cool to be able to see what was actually happening on your Web site for each
visitor.
While you may not be aware but there are some fantastic software products out there one of them that
I like in particular is this one here called Lucky orange.
And basically it records everything that somebody does on your site.
So it's almost as if you're looking over their shoulder as each and every one of your vistas comes to
your site.
So it's absolutely brilliant.
For example with just identifying if there are any problem areas why people may not be adding something
to the cart.
You know you get to see exactly what it looks like on different supports on mobiles on on PCs on on
iPads whatever it might be.
You get to see all of that now.
I don't think this is a long term thing that you need to do but certainly in the beginning when you're
when you're basically getting started and you want to be sure you want to be confident that your site
is performing to its best ability and you haven't missed out any tricks.
So yeah you have the site as you can see by now.
Lucky orange which does exactly that.
I mean watch going here.
What's the what's there little video on our home page.
It's it's very intuitive.
You'll see straightaway you know make use of the free trial if you want to use it then it's I think
something like $10 a month but I'm not sure that's that's necessary that's entirely up to you.
It's not the only game in town either.
Of course this is another site called Harjo which does more or less the same sort of thing.
And of course you know there are several if you if you google lucky orange competitors for example you're
going to bump into a handful of these.
I'm only drawing attention to these two because I'd use both of them personally I think they're great.
They fit the bill very very well for what we're doing.
So yeah definitely make use of these as always.
Don't get obsessed by these sorts of things they're not the no silver bullet to solve all your problems
or anything but they are definitely definitely extremely useful.